Paige was trying to create the life she
always wanted times I wish I could just
fast-forward through the next five years
and be done with med school hate when
she starts to talk about her life plan
Edward was trying to avoid the life you
will be the next king of Denmark he
didn't choose I do not want you to
address me as the Prince you will
address me as you in your behest I am
enjoying the beg your pardon he was
quoting Shakespeare like some Duke Lord
guy hate phonies like that I don't think
that's ever happened to me before
you've never been attracted to anyone
who didn't know you're a prince before I
think I just don't want to get
distracted right now
[Music]
what will the principal red ones are
where I've been and all the green ones
are where I want to go what just really
never met someone who makes me feel so
intimidated I've never felt this way
before you're a prince and that's why
they were taking photos of us yes you
lied to me I just didn't want to be
pretty sad for once in my life
[Music]
chemistry isn't just in a class kiddo
and you guys have it where's Eddie
oh you mean Prince 8 my Triscuits and
didn't replace him he left after his
last final
[Music]
oh no what you didn't tell me where's
your parents hi it's a commoner mother
you cannot tell me whom to love and how
to live my life have you tried the sour
cream and onion Pringles I really suck
at this
Ian Rory requires you to sacrifice who
you are or who you must be who you
belong here not me
[Music]
there really is a handsome prince but he
makes you laugh and he's a really good
kisser
we're supposed to be able to breathe no
oh well then it's perfect
[Music]